Here is my alert notifications project. There are two folders. The first one is data (you can put your logs into folder 'in' and your result will be in the folder 'out'). Pet_prj folder consists of one python file, requirements for docker image and docker-compose. Python script includes functions for different purposes: file sensor, transformation and sending notification log. 
In my opininon, it is not necessary to use classes, because the code is pretty short and readable (or it can be transformed into only one class with 3 functions, but I can't see the benefits of doing so). For this task I used dask, because it can process a big amount of data (in comparison with pandas) - here we need to process around 40gb. Moreover, it can also process even more gbs and add a client with workers. In addition, dask is similar to pandas - so you can easily read the code and change filters. 
How can you change filters and add your own filters? Just find some features in the transformation part - take a closer look at the function from_unix - it concerns datetime, then you can change groupby statement.
You can run this script by running docker-compose up in the shell. This script can work in a background mode - it checks the 'data.csv' file every 10 minutes (but you can also change it - look at the function check_if_file_exists and find sleep). After getting the file it will transorm it with filters 1. The script will continue writing log with filters 2 and add it to the existing logfile. Then it will upload the log and shut down. This is the most basic version, so it can be more improvements.
